Team Tuna description (#31)
fishbrain/engineering-handbook: Teams/README.md

## Team Tuna

> Tuna team is responsible for hooking the user at first sight and to reel them into our PRO offerings. We are the ones responsible for giving the users a nice onboarding experience, getting them to understand the product and the value of PRO and convert them into paying customers. We own the Onboarding, Sign up flows, Taste Onboarding and Paywalls in the app.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Tuna team is responsible for hooking the user at first sight and to reel them into our PRO offerings. We are the ones responsible for giving the users a great onboarding experience, getting them to understand the product, surfacing out the value of PRO and convert them into paying customers. We own the Onboarding, Sign up flows, Taste Onboarding and Paywalls in the app.
```
